DOCS-246 - Read Scalability (#5522)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/pgd/5/reference/routing.mdx

#### Parameters

| Name           | Type | Default | Description                                   |
|----------------|------|---------|-----------------------------------------------|
| `proxy_name`   | text |         | Name of the proxy to be changed.              |
| `config_key`   | text |         | Key of the option in the proxy to be changed. |
| `config_value` | text |         | New value to be set for the given key.        |

The proxy options (`config_key`) that can be changed using this function are:

> | Option                        | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

Author: Not sure if you are saying that the read-only setting will always keep write options at null or that they will be intially set to null? (given that the node value is unstored and the read/write listen port are both within the scope of being nulled)

> | Option                        | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

Author: I think this is covered now, albeit in a shorter form.

| `consensus_grace_period`      | Duration for which proxy continues to route even upon loss of a Raft leader. If set to 0s, proxy stops routing immediately. Default is generally '6' (seconds) for local proxies and '12' (seconds) for global proxies. These values will be overriden if `raft_response_timeout`, `raft_global_election_timeout` or `raft_group_election_timeout` are changed from their defaults.           |
| `read_listen_address`         | Address for the read-only proxy to listen on. Default is '{0.0.0.0}'.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

> | `read_listen_port`            | Port for the read-only proxy to listen on. Default is '7432' in 'read-only' or 'any' mode and '0' in 'default' mode which disables the read-only port .                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

Author: ```suggestion
| `read_listen_port`            | Port for the read-only proxy to listen on. Default is '6433' in 'read-only' or 'any' mode and '0' in 'default' mode which disables the read-only port .                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
```

| `read_server_conn_keepalive`  | Keepalive interval for read-only server connections. Default is '10' (seconds).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| `read_server_conn_timeout`    | Connection timeout for read-only server connections. Default is '2' (seconds).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |

> | `read_consensus_grace_period` | Duration for which read-only proxy continues to route even upon loss of a Raft leader. If set to 0s, proxy stops routing immediately. Default is generally '6' (seconds) for local proxies and '12' (seconds) for global proxies. These values will be overriden if `raft_response_timeout`, `raft_global_election_timeout` or `raft_group_election_timeout` are changed from their defaults. |

Author: ```suggestion
| `read_consensus_grace_period` | Duration for which read-only proxy continues to route even upon loss of a Raft leader.Default is 1 hour. |
```
